__label__2 Stuning even for the non-gamer: This sound track was beautiful! It paints the senery in your mind so well I would recomend it even to people who hate vid. game music! I have played the game Chrono Cross but out of all of the games I have ever played it has the best music! It backs away from crude keyboarding and takes a fresher step with grate guitars and soulful orchestras. It would impress anyone who cares to listen! ^_^
__label__2 The best soundtrack ever to anything.: I'm reading a lot of reviews saying that this is the best 'game soundtrack' and I figured that I'd write a review to disagree a bit. This in my opinino is Yasunori Mitsuda's ultimate masterpiece. The music is timeless and I'm been listening to it for years now and its beauty simply refuses to fade.The price tag on this is pretty staggering I must say, but if you are going to buy any cd for this much money, this is the only one that I feel would be worth every penny.
__label__2 Amazing!: This soundtrack is my favorite music of all time, hands down. The intense sadness of "Prisoners of Fate" (which means all the more if you've played the game) and the hope in "A Distant Promise" and "Girl who Stole the Star" have been an important inspiration to me personally throughout my teen years. The higher energy tracks like "Chrono Cross ~ Time's Scar~", "Time of the Dreamwatch", and "Chronomantique" (indefinably remeniscent of Chrono Trigger) are all absolutely superb as well.This soundtrack is amazing music, probably the best of this composer's work (I haven't heard the Xenogears soundtrack, so I can't say for sure), and even if you've never played the game, it would be worth twice the price to buy it.I wish I could give it 6 stars.
__label__2 Excellent Soundtrack: I truly like this soundtrack and I enjoy video game music. I have played this game and most of the music on here I enjoy and it's truly relaxing and peaceful.On disk one. my favorites are Scars Of Time, Between Life and Death, Forest Of Illusion, Fortress of Ancient Dragons, Lost Fragment, and Drowned Valley.Disk Two: The Draggons, Galdorb - Home, Chronomantique, Prisoners of Fate, Gale, and my girlfriend likes ZelbessDisk Three: The best of the three. Garden Of God, Chronopolis, Fates, Jellyfish sea, Burning Orphange, Dragon's Prayer, Tower Of Stars, Dragon God, and Radical Dreamers - Unstealable Jewel.Overall, this is a excellent soundtrack and should be brought by those that like video game music.Xander Cross
__label__2 Remember, Pull Your Jaw Off The Floor After Hearing it: If you've played the game, you know how divine the music is! Every single song tells a story of the game, it's that good! The greatest songs are without a doubt, Chrono Cross: Time's Scar, Magical Dreamers: The Wind, The Stars, and the Sea and Radical Dreamers: Unstolen Jewel. (Translation varies) This music is perfect if you ask me, the best it can be. Yasunori Mitsuda just poured his heart on and wrote it down on paper.
__label__2 an absolute masterpiece: I am quite sure any of you actually taking the time to read this have played the game at least once, and heard at least a few of the tracks here. And whether you were aware of it or not, Mitsuda's music contributed greatly to the mood of every single minute of the whole game.Composed of 3 CDs and quite a few songs (I haven't an exact count), all of which are heart-rendering and impressively remarkable, this soundtrack is one I assure you you will not forget. It has everything for every listener -- from fast-paced and energetic (Dancing the Tokage or Termina Home), to slower and more haunting (Dragon God), to purely beautifully composed (Time's Scar), to even some fantastic vocals (Radical Dreamers).This is one of the best videogame soundtracks out there, and surely Mitsuda's best ever. ^_^
__label__1 Buyer beware: This is a self-published book, and if you want to know why--read a few paragraphs! Those 5 star reviews must have been written by Ms. Haddon's family and friends--or perhaps, by herself! I can't imagine anyone reading the whole thing--I spent an evening with the book and a friend and we were in hysterics reading bits and pieces of it to one another. It is most definitely bad enough to be entered into some kind of a "worst book" contest. I can't believe Amazon even sells this kind of thing. Maybe I can offer them my 8th grade term paper on "To Kill a Mockingbird"--a book I am quite sure Ms. Haddon never heard of. Anyway, unless you are in a mood to send a book to someone as a joke---stay far, far away from this one!
__label__2 Glorious story: I loved Whisper of the wicked saints. The story was amazing and I was pleasantly surprised at the changes in the book. I am not normaly someone who is into romance novels, but the world was raving about this book and so I bought it. I loved it !! This is a brilliant story because it is so true. This book was so wonderful that I have told all of my friends to read it. It is not a typical romance, it is so much more. Not reading this book is a crime, becuase you are missing out on a heart warming story.
__label__2 A FIVE STAR BOOK: I just finished reading Whisper of the Wicked saints. I fell in love with the caracters. I expected an average romance read, but instead I found one of my favorite books of all time. Just when I thought I could predict the outcome I was shocked ! The writting was so descriptive that my heart broke when Julia's did and I felt as if I was there with them instead of just a distant reader. If you are a lover of romance novels then this is a must read. Don't let the cover fool you this book is spectacular!
__label__2 Whispers of the Wicked Saints: This was a easy to read book that made me want to keep reading on and on, not easy to put down.It left me wanting to read the follow on, which I hope is coming soon. I used to read a lot but have gotten away from it. This book made me want to read again. Very enjoyable.
__label__1 The Worst!: A complete waste of time. Typographical errors, poor grammar, and a totally pathetic plot add up to absolutely nothing. I'm embarrassed for this author and very disappointed I actually paid for this book.
__label__2 Great book: This was a great book,I just could not put it down,and could not read it fast enough. Boy what a book the twist and turns in this just keeps you guessing and wanting to know what is going to happen next. This book makes you fall in love and can heat you up,it can also make you so angery. this book can make you go throu several of your emotions. This is a quick read romance. It is something that you will want to end your day off with if you read at night.
__label__2 Great Read: I thought this book was brilliant, but yet realistic. It showed me that to error is human. I loved the fact that this writer showed the loving side of God and not the revengeful side of him. I loved how it twisted and turned and I could not put it down. I also loved The glass castle.
__label__1 Oh please: I guess you have to be a romance novel lover for this one, and not a very discerning one. All others beware! It is absolute drivel. I figured I was in trouble when a typo is prominently featured on the back cover, but the first page of the book removed all doubt. Wait - maybe I'm missing the point. A quick re-read of the beginning now makes it clear. This has to be an intentional churning of over-heated prose for satiric purposes. Phew, so glad I didn't waste $10.95 after all.
__label__1 Awful beyond belief!: I feel I have to write to keep others from wasting their money. This book seems to have been written by a 7th grader with poor grammatical skills for her age! As another reviewer points out, there is a misspelling on the cover, and I believe there is at least one per chapter. For example, it was mentioned twice that she had a "lean" on her house. I was so distracted by the poor writing and weak plot, that I decided to read with a pencil in hand to mark all of the horrible grammar and spelling. Please don't waste your money. I too, believe that the good reviews must have been written by the author's relatives. I will not put much faith in the reviews from now on!
__label__1 Don't try to fool us with fake reviews.: It's glaringly obvious that all of the glowing reviews have been written by the same person, perhaps the author herself. They all have the same misspellings and poor sentence structure that is featured in the book. Who made Veronica Haddon think she is an author?
__label__2 A romantic zen baseball comedy: When you hear folks say that they don't make 'em like that anymore, they might be talking about "BY THE SEA". This is a very cool story about a young Cuban girl searching for idenity who stumbles into a coastal resort kitchen gig with a zen motorcycle maintenance man, three hysterical Italian chefs and a Latino fireballing right handed pitcher who plays on the team sponsored by the resort's owner. As is often the case she 'finds' herself through honest, often comical but always emotional, interaction with this sizzling roster of players. With the perfect mix of special effects, that salsa sound and flashbacks, BY THE SEA, gets 4 BIG stars from me!
__label__2 Fashionable Compression Stockings!: After I had a DVT my doctor required me to wear compression stockings. I wore ugly white TED hose and yucky thick brown stockings. Then I found Jobst UltraSheer. They gave me the compression I needed (15-20,) but looked like regular pantyhose. Even though my blood clot has been gone for 4 years, I still buy these to wear as support stockings because they make my legs feel so nice.**Note, I have problems with the rubberized tops rolling down my thigh. I tried the Jobst adhesive, but I hated having my skin pulled all day. I bought an inexpensive garter belt and it works fine and helps keep the stockings from rolling.
__label__2 Jobst UltraSheer Thigh High: Excellent product. However, they are very difficult to get on for older people. I feel like I've had a full day workout after getting them on. Also, as the day wears on, they begin to roll down from the top and create a very deep ridge in the skin. I have to wear them, so if those two difficulties could be addressed it would be such a help.
__label__1 sizes recomended in the size chart are not real: sizes are much smaller than what is recomended in the chart. I tried to put it and sheer it!. I guess you should not buy this item in the internet..it is better to go to the store and check it
__label__1 mens ultrasheer: This model may be ok for sedentary types, but I'm active and get around alot in my job - consistently found these stockings rolled up down by my ankles! Not Good!! Solution: go with the standard compression stocking, 20-30, stock #114622. Excellent support, stays up and gives me what I need. Both pair of these also tore as I struggled to pull them up all the time. Good riddance/bad investment!
__label__2 Delicious cookie mix: I thought it was funny that I bought this product without knowing it was a mix. I read the header very quickly and just thought it was packaged cookies. But no, it is cookie MIX and I guess I should have noticed that since it is right in the title.This is the first time I have ever tried baking with a cookie mix. If you are used to the convenience of the cookie dough that you buy wrapped up in plastic logs then you might be in for a bit of a surprise. Mixing up the dough can get VERY messy (it is extremely sticky). However, with a cookie mix like this you have a lot of flexibility in the ratio of ingredients (I like to add some extra butter to make the baked cookies more chewy). Also, this mix has really large chocolate chips in it--I love that.I removed a star for the addition of 'natural flavors' in the mix.
__label__1 Another Abysmal Digital Copy: Rather than scratches and insect droppings, this one has random pixelations combined with muddy light and vague image resolution. Probably the cue should have been the packaging is straight out of your street corner bootleg dealer.If you've ever seen a reasonably good condition film copy, you know the defining visuals of his film are the crystal clear lighting contrasts in black and white. The surrounding countryside and 'old home' scenes are set with early morning ground mists or the haze of memory while the events on the bridge and in the water are bright, clear, and immediate.Here everything is dull, dark, and clouded. Or, if you remember the timbre and enunciation of Captain's commands, so are the visuals.After that, it is hard to believe this award winning, critically acclaimed film's best presentation is on YOUTUBE. Somewhere "out there" is a DVD that comes up to the standard of a 16mm public library reel.Just none of them appear to be on Amazon.
__label__2 A fascinating insight into the life of modern Japanese teens: I thoroughly enjoyed Rising Sons and Daughters. I don't know of any other book that looks at Japanese society from the point of view of its young people poised as they are between their parents' age-old Japanese culture of restraint and obedience to the will of the community, and their peers' adulation of Western culture. True to form, the "New Young" of Japan seem to be creating an "international" blend, as the Ando family demonstrates in this beautifully written book of vignettes of the private lives of members of this family. Steven Wardell is clearly a talented young author, adopted for some of his schooling into this family of four teens, and thus able to view family life in Japan from the inside out. A great read!
__label__2 i liked this album more then i thought i would: I heard a song or two and thought same o same o,but when i listened to songs like "blue angel","lanna" and 'mama" the hair just rose off my neck.Roy is trully an amazing singer with a talent you don't find much now days.
__label__1 Problem with charging smaller AAAs: I have had the charger for more than two years. It charges AA batteries just fine, but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries. To charge the smaller batteries you need to flip down the little button at the positive end. In the beginning one of the four AAA batteries would pop up, and now three out of the four won't hold. The problem is the flip mechanism became loose, and any horizontal pressure would push the buttons back up. What I have to do now is using duct tape and a segment of crayon, apply the crayon on the buttons, and wrap the tape around. You know how painful that is.
__label__1 Works, but not as advertised: I bought one of these chargers..the instructions say the lights stay on while the battery charges...true. The instructions doNT say the lights turn off when its done. Which is also true. 24 hours of charging and the lights stay on. I returned it thinking I had a bad unit.The new one did the same thing. I just kept it since it does charge...but the lights are useless since they seem to always stay on. It's a "backup" charger for when I manage to drain all my AAs but I wouldn't want this as my only charger.
__label__1 Disappointed: I read the reviews,made my purchase and was very disappointed. The charger is convenient by charging all four batteries at once but the charge only lasts a very short time. I now have to go and find batteries that will give me longer life than the kodak NiMH AA batteries.
__label__1 Oh dear: I was excited to find a book ostensibly about Muslim feminism, but this volume did not live up to the expectations.One essay, among other things, describes the veil as potentially liberating. It doesn't begin to explain how or why.Another, on Muslim women in Cape Town, claims that Muslim women there are separate but "more than equal." Gee whiz, what a disappointment.I had expected and hoped for at least one Muslim feminist condemnation of gender apartheid. But there is not a single one in the book.I'm surprised it didn't have an essay extolling the virtues of female genital mutilation.--Alyssa A. Lappen
__label__2 Based on the reviews here I bought one and I'm glad I did!: This VCR/DVD was an early Christmas present to myself after deciding to join the rest of the world in DVD-land but not wanting to let go of my VHS movies quite yet. Based on the reviews and price, and because I own a JVC TV, this was my choice. I agree with the easy set-up. It's a bit awkward to work the whole TV/VHS/DVD selection options but I think I've gotten the hang of it.Two comments: it's not intuitive and actually is pretty complicated (too many buttons on the remote but that might please others who are more technically-minded than me) so I've had to rely heavily on the how-to manual. And setting the VCR timer is awkward -- you can't enter the start and end time but have to scroll (unless I'm missing something)...but those are my only complaints. This is a good product for your $$$.
__label__1 Incorrect disc!: I am a big JVC fan, but I do not like this model, I was suspiscious when I saw several units in the return section of the store. I bought one anyway (new) and must say I am not happy. The unit sends out clicks to the receiver once in a while, the transition between scenes is not always smooth,(like a little pause) and while it is still fairly new I can't get any DVD,CD or even a DVD headcleaner to work. All I get is a "incorrect disc" message.
__label__2 happy with it...but: I'm a JVC nut...I have 3 JVC televisions, one VCR, one bookshelf audio system and car audio system. So when it came time to move the VCR player to the boys room and get another one for the old man I knew what make it was going to be. I decided on the combo player because I don't think VHS is going to be around much longer. I like my combo player except for 2 things:(1)no cable box compatability on the remote control (2)no seperate audio video inputs only input for coax cable from my cable box so all of the cable programming is in mono...wife can't tell the difference in the sound so if she's happy then I'll just live with it. VCR and DVD look and sound GREAT!!!!!!!
__label__1 should be titled "Hollywood Debacle": The plot is so ridiculous, I have to wonder if they even read the script before making this film. The mountain lion breaks out of his trailer - and the cars behind don't notice? The mountain lion is captured - and put in a jail cell? Get real! Utterly, completely stupid.
__label__2 Is this great TV??? You bet it is: Hotel Babylon is not just good TV...it's great TV!!!! The show features some incredible acting from Tamzin Outhwaite (formerly of EastEnders, a BBC soap) and Max Beesley (from the ill-fated movie "Glitter" starring Mariah Carey). The show could make for a great drama series, but I felt that it is a mix of a drama, comedy, and soap opera all mixed into a great BBC show. The show aired on BBC America for a while but didn't get around to seeing it. I can now say that I got the DVD set and all the episodes are great. The season finale was an interesting to watch.The show reminds me of Hotel which aired on ABC from 1983 to 1988. The reason...Hotel was set at a fictional San Francisco hotel as Hotel Babylon was set at a luxury five-star hotel in England.I recommend this DVD to anyone who is willing to watch a great show from the BBC.
__label__1 Nothing you don't already know: If you have even casually looked into applying to law school, have already read everything there is in this book, do not waste your money, seriously!!
__label__1 Unfortunately it wasn't entertaining in the least bit.: When I first ordered the CD, I figured it was going to be a hip, cool daddy vibe CD. However much to my dismay it sounds like a fourth grade music class. The main jist of the CD is that there is a xylaphone playing over peoples voices trying to replicate happening party. I believe if I played this CD at a party anywhere in my neighborhood I would get laughed off the beach. Growing up a surfer in San Diego, I would not recommend this CD to any of my Southern California brothers. Honestly, when I played it I kinda of felt I was in a bad B movie. The absolutle epitimy of the CD is the last "vibe" Surf Cha Cha. Surfers don't CHA.
__label__2 Rochelle explains It All for You: Wondering what the hell has happened to the moral aspect of modern American culture ? This book is a lucid, well argued explanation of the simple fact that we have become so totally focused on our individual RIGHTS that we have completely ignored, and even mocked, our personal and public responsibilities. The final response and indictment of Robert Ringer's best seller, LOOKING OUT FOR #1. This is a great time for anyone who is disgusted with the boorish state of American media, politics and discourse in general, to clear their heads for the substantial challenges that lie before us not only as Americans, but as human beings. A great book
__label__2 More great playing: Larry's work for the Muse label in the late 80s and early 90s found him exploring the rich catalog of jazz standards that he probably grew up playing. Surrounding himself with the best musicians around, Larry sounds relaxed, focused, and totally in control. Listen to Larry's take on "My Funny Valentine" and tell me it doesn't stand right up there with Chet Baker's or Miles'. A very fine album that you'll enjoy again and again.
__label__1 Doesn't work on a Mac: It clearly says on line this will work on a Mac OS system. The disk comes and it does not, only Windows . Do Not order this if you have a Mac!!!!!!!
__label__1 Very Frustrating: My three year old son was very excited to get this but after two attempts at playing it hasn't been touched since. You are not able to use the mouse through any of the games except for the "power-up segments" instead you are using the up-down arrows on the keyboard - too hard for him and not much fun. Very disapointed with this game and wish I could return it.
__label__1 Mind numbing: This game makes you do the same things over and over, it never holds my son's attention long enough to get to the next level. There is no choice of games you have to do every thing in order. We have another Rescue Heroes game and both my boys 3 and 6 love it, but this one is a dog!
__label__1 Cannot recommend: As a former Alaskan, I didn't want to have to do this. But after repeatedly attempting Allman's recipes and having to throw out 8-10 cups of flour and miscellaneous ingredients nearly every time--and then comparing to Ed Wood's recipes which work flawlessly, and Lisa Rayner's very excellent Wild Bread: Hand-baked sourdough artisan breads in your own kitchen, I can't help but notice that their recipes work, where Allman's fail.I'm not a novice baker. The only thing that worked reliably was the pancakes recipe, but that can be found other places as well.If you are looking for reliable recipes and concise information about starting a sourdough and maintaining it, I recommend any of Ed Wood's books, even his very old ones. Lisa Rayner has written a fabulous tome in Wild Bread. But pass on this book.While some of the historical vignettes were interesting--not enough so to warrant the cost of the book. Check it out at your library if you must.
__label__2 Alaska sourdough: REad most of the book while visiting my brother in Alaska. Loved it. I am going to be making my sourdough starter soon. Book is full of great stories and recipes.
__label__2 Old and good: This book is worth to keep in your collection as it does not only advise what to do with sourdough but Ruth also told you what the picture of past 100 years ago in Alaska where no stand mixer nor any civilized stuffs in kitchen, just a pot of sourdough.
__label__2 autumn: got this for my daughter in NC, she is now making prefect bread. Wish she lived closer to make me some
__label__2 Fast mp3 download of music waxed decades ago: One of these 26 songs played as background music on a YouTube video of some kind of gymnastic or dance feat out of Russia. I hunted down the melody, read the English lyrics, then decided to see what else was in the album. Downloaded the full album for $15 via Amazon mp3 downloader, and now happily listen to the melodies (interspersed) on my iPod.
__label__1 Maybe I got a bad one.: My experience: I got this from FM, not Amazon. The DVD player rattled pretty loudly sometimes (but not always) when I put in a DVD. I tried several. The picture quality wasn't all that great and the screen got a horizontal line thru the middle after a short time that would not go away. Plus one of the other reviewers was dead on about the remote - the layout makes no sense at all! Very poor human engineering, IMO. I brought it back to the store for a refund. I saw the same model under the Emerson name for <$400 at WM but was hesitant to buy it.
__label__2 Sylvania 6620LDG 20" Flat Panel LCD TV with Built in DVD player: Light weight, space saving very attractive design. Sharp Picture, Good sound quality and quick response time. DVD playback also excellent. Only negative is its remote control. It is hard to read the functions of the keys due to color choices. The placement of the keys are almost illogical and you have to look at it carefully before each use. It almost seems like it was designed by an imbecil. The quality, the features and the price still makes this TV an excellent buy.
__label__1 TERRIBLE!! DO NOT BUY THIS: I bought this for my wife for her birthday,and had toreturn it because the DVD palyer would not work. I returned it and got a repalcement, which once again the DVD player failed to work! It is a piece of junk.
__label__1 *** BEWARE ***: This TV is set so that it is not capable of a "recall" function. If you want to flash back between channels, this TV is not going to give it to you. The remote control that comes with the TV has no recall function, so I bought a Sony universal, which is a much better remote, that had the recall button on it. However, I soon learned that the TV is set at the factory to not have the capability to flash-back. It may not be a big deal to some, but this user found it very annoying.
__label__2 Kitchen TV: I bought this to replace a 13" tube tv in my kitchen. What I gained was a larger screen plus relcaiming the counter space. The picture is good, and the internal DVD player is a bonus. All in all, a good purchase.
__label__2 Nice for the money: The first one I bought was defective. The DVD didn't work at all. I purchased it from Electronics Express and when I contacted them they were wonderful. They gave me an RMA number right away, Fedex picked it up the next day and a new one arrived 1 week later. This one is just fine. I really love the clarity of the picture. My only complaint is that in DVD mode, the sound isn't loud enough. I have it in my RV and with the A/C running, I can barely hear it. I solved the problem by running an audio out jack from the TV to the input on the RV stereo speaker system. It's very lightweight and easy to move around and store. A bonus for the RV. The remote isn't great, but it works just fine and the video/audio jacks and antenna input are easy to get to as is the DVD player. All in all, it's a great deal for the price.